Now that we have our Visual Studio open,
we can now proceed to walk through the code and give
you a little idea of the process you'll be going through when building this.
Overall, this project is separated into two main parts.
One will be the building of the ERC 721 tokens for your real estate homes.
The second part will be compiling and
integrating zokrates into the tokens that you just built.
In between each of these steps,
there are sections for you to test the work that you've done using
truffle just to make sure you're on the ball and nothing has gone wrong.
So if you take a look into the contract section,
you'll see a few different files.
One is 'Migrations file' that
you've become accustomed to and are probably used to seeing.
The other is the 'ERC721Mintable class.'
Once you open this,
you'll notice that you see a lot of ERC standards in this,
and you should be familiar with the ERC 721 standard.
The ERC 165 standard is used as well as
a few different implementations extensions to make it easier for us when we get to
the final stage which is putting these tokens on
the marketplace on a decentralized marketplace that we can go ahead and list,
transfer, buy and sell those tokens.
There's a lot of boilerplate code to start you off,
but you'll also notice a lot of to-dos for you to complete tasks.
Not every contract will be created for you.
You will have to follow the steps to generate the contract as you see fit.
The exact code that needs to happen is up to you,
but the general idea of what each function needs to do is thoroughly explained for you.
Another thing you'll notice,
is that there are a lot of imports coming specifically from open Zeppelin node module.
Opens Zeppelin is a great node module to use because
it offers a lot of libraries and useful tools.
We're using a few of these,
four to be exact.
One is Address,one is Counters,
one is Safemath, which you are probably used to.
and one is the IERC721Receiver.
You won't have to actually fill out any of
the boilerplate template code for the receiver,
you'll just be using it.
As for Safemath, you're probably already used to it.
It's used to do safe addition and
subtraction so that you don't go over and create a bug in your solidity code.
The Counters is similar to Safemath but it's used to
protect overflow when incrementing and decrementing.
Address is used to make sure that the address in
question is either a contract or it is actually an individual.
The last import that you'll notice is
from the Oracle as and we'll get to that in a second.
Because we're using node modules,
when you first get into the projects you will have to do npm install
just to make sure that these node modules are populated
before you continue using the rest of the code.
As you go down you'll see there's an Ownable class,
an ERC 165 class.
There is a standard ERC 721 class which is going
to implement one of the contracts that you would have created on your own,
the possible contract as well as the imported ERC 165 standard.
Within this ERC 721 standard contract,
you'll have to fill in a lot of the functions.
You are already used to knowing how the ERC 721 standard contract works.
There are a few caveats to the way that it's normally done.
Most of that is from the introduction of the libraries that were mentioned earlier.
As you can see right here,
we have a mapping using the counters library instead of using what
might normally be uint variable right here.
Anytime something is used that you aren't accustomed to,
you should definitely take a look at the hints written above this section.
They'll also supply useful links where you can
actually go and see the counters librarian in question.
As you scroll down, it'll be more of the same,
filling in the boilerplate code that is required for the token that we'll be using.
You'll notice that the ERC 721 innumerable contract is given to you in completion.
This enumerable contract is just used to make life easier
for marketplaces to gather the group listing of all your tokens in one shot.
As you scroll down,
you will see the ERC 721 metadata contract
that this is also a boilerplate code that you'll be filling out.
Some of the interfaces and the functionality is given to you.
Otherwise, you'll have to fill out yourself.
Always take a look at the temps, tips and hints.
One of the tips references the Oracle as library.
We used that to concatenate strings.
It's a very very useful library.
Of course, you'll see the link here.
So you can always get the source code for that information,
but it's also directly imported into our contract right here.
We'll take a look at that in a second.
The final to-do is to create a custom ERC 721 token that inherits from
the last token boilerplate token code that was filled
out by you which is the ERC 721 metadata contract.
You'll just be creating a basic mean function with this.
As we go into the Oraclize,
this is a very useful library with a ton of
different functionality inside of it more than we can even cover.
But the link was written in the tip in the previous file that we just looked at.
So if you have any questions on it or
the powers what it can do you can always just
review the source code and check out the link.
The final contract that you'll be seeing.
This is the solutions where verifier.
This contract, you'll notice is a lot more sparse than the previous one.
There isn't any boilerplate code but there are
to do steps for each step that you'll have to create.
Defining the contract that's going to call the zokrates
generated solidity contract also known as the Verifier is the first step.
This file in general basically combines the Zokrates code that you will
compile yourself through the steps
listed in [inaudible] and the classroom that you were just in.
It will combine it with the ERC 721 token functionality
that you would have filled out the boilerplate code for.
This Verifier will be used to verify
the proof that you also create through the Zokrates step.
That will just limit the ability for a user to
mint a token unless they have actually verified that they own that token.
In this case our tokens are our homes.
So before somebody can actually list a home in our marketplace,
they'll have to first ensure that they actually own the property and
they'll be doing that do the verification using Zokrates.
The next to do step will be to create the solutions where verifier that of course
inherits from the ERC 721 mintable token that you created.
Next, you'll be creating structs and mappings.
That'll help verify that only one verification was used at a time.
So basically making sure that each verification is unique within itself and can't be
reused over and over again to make sure somebody takes
advantage of minting multiple tokens.
The final step will be creating the new mInt function.
That of course will only allow somebody to mint once
they've pass through the verification process.
Now, earlier I had said that in-between these two major steps,
one filling out the boilerplate code for your ERC 721 mintable,
and two combining that code and logic with the Zocrates that you would have compiled.
In between both of these steps,
they're going to be tests and that's going to be very
important to make sure that you're on the right path.
So we'll go on to cover the testing in the next section.